before we begin let me start by saying
myth has been declared an essential
business not by our governor he's a dump
but by me so let's hit it the stars of
our movie today ah George Bailey
Princess Grace of Monaco and Perry Mason
please our story begins with okay you
know this movie came about because of
the fact that Alfred Hitchcock was the
ultimate creeper you don't see a whole
story from the second-story window of
one lb Jefferies aka Jeff who's watching
bunches old little screens of Ministers
he's too stuck at home ain't we all
let's see what we have here broken bones
plus crushed camera plus curious crash
photo of the Dale Earnhardt race too
soon and this is all of us right now
just shaving even when we don't got to
because there's nothing else to do I
can't be down the wall razor burn on my
yes across the way there we see some
gals who pretending to add a nude beach
because the real ones closed and it
feels like it ain't never gonna be open
again ever again but the good news is
mr. Jeffries gets to dream about ogle me
Bobby watch miss artiste downstairs give
her to me nye and people on rocket man
because I think it's gonna be a long
long time before he gets to leave his
apartment all right now you know why all
these windows and points of view this
story in this apartment here gonna be as
dumb as tiger king I wonder what they
saying follow something like oh I feel
so awful probably because you were gone
oh speaking of it's time to call your
mama and then miss artiste come over
trying to offer unsolicited advice and
dude is like shut the [ __ ] up I'm just
trying to look for a place to bury my
wife cuz I don't got a tiger to either
so into the home health nurse and she
ain't wearing a mask she is part of the
problem
I wear a mask to take up the garbage and
then I come inside the house wash my
hands
take off the mask and wash my hands
again then I burn the mask and they're
not burning the furnace to burn the mask
and then I wash my hands again it's not
rocket science this is not a drill
because people in my broke neverhood are
so damn boy
they are hanging around my garbage can
and propping a nasty Corona reading
elbows on my garbage can lid weird is
all feeling about my damn garbage can
what are we talking about all right lb
who is about to get his ungloved shiatsu
and no there's not a breed of dog who at
this point would be less infectious than
this unsanitary masseuse without a mask
because she is part of the problem and
I'm supposed to be making jokes because
I think I'm pissing myself off and
she'll Isha's him about marrying a woman
you don't want to married but the woman
should be the one not wanting to marry
him with them flopping man boobs and who
the hell want to be around anybody right
now
I don't want anybody around my anything
no today I got pissed in my milk being
too close to my cereal like that if I
can get is old milk Oh cereal or
anything but my damn garbage can oh
these newly was about to be all up in
each other's faces spreading them germs
r.i.p and here's his woman who you know
must love him kissing him with that
middle of the day nap breath so she all
perfect in her perfect dress with her
perfect hair and her perfect waiter and
her perfect meal but lb ain't worried
about Miss Perfect he's worried about
Miss lonely playing make-believe oh
that's me single folks all alone with
nothing but our imaginations and a fifth
of whiskey easier to find whiskey to
milk put - no cereal if you can find it
and she's like oh he must have called
his mama
oh you calling your mama or you mean to
tell me you found another woman to
tolerate you dang gotta live with you
because she gave birth to you over cuz
she's confined in the bedroom of your
apartment oh he mad now been over
Italian dances apart
hey I still you creeper do pumps before
Alfred six-feet bit so later that night
Lisa and Jeff have an argument about how
once you get out of quarantine he's
gonna have to travel to all the places
he hated to go to when he had to go but
now he's stuck he wouldn't mind a little
visit to a third-world country where
they ain't no toilet paper
wait that's where he is now boy tell the
point is she's too perfect and she can't
go because you can't get that color of
root touch-up in places where pre-packed
ramen is a delicacy
we're just looking like it might be up
next on my quarantine menu and then she
stopped screaming and then she stopped
screaming and then her husband leave
with a mighty small suitcase
big nag oh oh it takes multiple trips
that's nasty
and then we'll meet this cute little dog
it must be so we can get attached to it
and I'm rambling too much so I best
speed this up the next day old tubby
have a peeping to see who's peeping on
him and the dog smells a bone or skull
or something and Jeff use a big plans to
get a good view this fool wrapping up
his butcher knife and handsaw in broad
daylight with the blinds wide open
I ain't gonna lie I'm free checking my
neighbors I think of potential criminals
too if I wasn't so afraid to see DC
going to update their guidelines next
week to inform me that I can catch the
corona just by looking at dump somebody
and there's a lot of them late at night
Jeff convinced his leases something
about this right Lisa finds out the
man's name is lost thorwald Lhasa has
men carry away the trunk which allegedly
contains the remains of his wife and
then no don't go don't do it then Lisa
oh that's right girl wear them gloves
but what think of all that is good and
holy don't think I'm off and then handle
them like that a new device and just
detective friend tells Jeff the trunk
they thought held the dead body of laws
his dead wife was delivered to upstate
New York and sign for by laws his wife
herself and now we're just all can
confuse what I tell you guess he was the
dog who knew too much
look mister murder you can go and miss
body Miss achy breaky hot and that Elton
John want to be over there revising his
arrangement of Bennie and the Jets all
you want but you touch that dog and I
woke up dead kicked out shoot what y'all
ain't watch the Sex in the City I'll
repeat during quarantine oh me neither
so while while trying to stay six feet
apart Jeff and company believed lost has
put his wife six feet under but ain't
really room for a body down there so
they decided they gonna have to do their
own detective work Jeff price lies a
dirty note lisa delivers said note loss
gets all helices a paranoid and Stella's
like Miss Lonelyhearts laid out
something that looks like
hydroxychloroquine or as one former New
York City Mayor ridiculously called it
hydroxy quit alone that damn month for
Egypt Paris was enough but that's what
Miss Lonelyhearts from his apartment
Lisa and Stella go digging for buried
treasure and don't find so much as a dog
turd there Lisa just invite
happy frightened Eliza's apartment where
she snoops through his wife's things
Jeff calls the cops on his lonely heart
before she hears Elton playing can you
feel the love tonight and he's so moved
by the sentiment that she abandons her
plans to offer self at least it gets
caught by laws and Jeff just sit there
being a big old piece of chicken do and
she'll thank God the cops Jeff called on
Miss Lonelyhearts a scream and save her
from the murderers hands of the suspect
good then she waves a hand - Jeff - show
him she found a wife's ring and lost
seize it and now Jeff about to get the
nagging Dogo treatment after a little
chat with his detective friend Jeff
hangs up and the phone rings and the
dumb bit assumes it's the detective
again but it ain't and he just starts
talking about laws being the killer
until he's like oh cool doodles he's on
to me being on to him could I just lock
the dog or you could just stand up and
be like oh damn I got a cast stone but
personally I like to think I would have
just talked a good fight muscled on
hobbled my one-legged self up that step
and said I'm mad as hell and I'm not
gonna take it anymore
or am I just scream you get away from
that dumb [ __ ] before I cut a
Cubs flesh Saviour of the universe flesh
ah he'll save every one of us flesh he's
a miracle
then his rumble in the Bronx in the next
house brain then life carries on and mr.
John wound himself amidst lonely no more
heart and they paint over the bloody
walls of thorwald's and miss Jo so got
her a man who's more interested in
chicken breasts than her breasts and the
married couple has put their pants on
long enough to realize being married
generalists uggs and now because that
bit couldn't keep his in his apartment
for another week he's gonna have to sit
his happy tonight tiny apartment even
longer another case is so dead and the
neighborhood is boring as but if they
want some excitement they are welcome to
come to my neighborhood where we hidden
the floor - sound of fall clips
unloading presumably into somebody's
last night and that ain't no joke day
and be sure to like share subscribe for
your regular flesh
Oh entertaining everyone of us it's hard
for me to ask for money during these
trying times but if you got it to spare
I would appreciate it so I don't gotta
hide in Mama's bedroom floor yeah
while shots ring out around us what's
that is that really happen I ran your
real man we're just gone back to sleep
but I have done that too just something
special about fall clips and stairs just
like one or two will you stop watching
that [ __ ] on my off [ __ ] we in a gang
war as boring as quarantine is scary is
just a tiny bit worse for moods explain
fall I'm jammed up dive now stay off as
a home so you'll catch the cooties i'ma
come up dead kick your shoot